CLI version

To run the application you need to build package and run it with the following command:

in this directory run:
mvn package
java -cp target/Sudoku-1.0.jar cz.cuni.mff.sadovsm.App

The application will start and asks you to select the difficulty of the sudoku you want to solve.
You can choose from easy, medium and hard. After you select the difficulty, the application will
generate a sudoku puzzle to solve.

After the puzzle is generated, you can write commands to solve the puzzle. The commands are as follows:
    restart -   generate new sudoku
                this command will ask you to select the difficulty of the new sudoku and then generate it

    solve -     solve the sudoku
                this command will solve the sudoku and show you the solution if it is solvable, there are cases where you
                can't solve the sudoku and the application will tell you that

    quit -      quit the game
                this command will quit the game

    help -      show massage about commands
                this command will show you short message with possible commands

    <coordinates> <value> -    fill the cell with value
                                    this command will fill the cell with the value you specify
                                    <coordinates> - coordinates of the cell you want to fill in column-row format (e.g. A1)
                                    <value> - value you want to fill the cell with (1-9)

    possible <coordinates> -    show possible values for the cell
                                this command will show you possible values for the cell you specify
                                <coordinates> - coordinates of the cell you want to check in column-row format (e.g. A1)

    hint -  show hint for the next move
            this command will show you hint for the next move in the form of coordinates and value

    auto -  fill one cell automatically
            this command will fill one cell automatically (asks for hint and fills the cell)

    undo -  undo the last move
            this command will undo the last move you made

After every command you will see the sudoku puzzle with your changes. And the massage if the sudoku is still solvable.
If you fill something incorrectly but the mistake is not visible yet, the application will tell you that the sudoku is not solvable.
If it's visible the application won't let you fill the cell with the wrong value.

After solving the sudoku program will show you the solution and close.

Graphics version


To run the application you need to build package and run it with the following command:

in this directory run:
mvn package
java -cp target/Sudoku-1.0.jar cz.cuni.mff.sadovsm.GraphicsApp

Application load the game and shows you intuitive menu